Eliminate the extra include and examples folders under the platform specific folders in release zip (#701)
hazelcast/hazelcast-cpp-client: README.md

The exact same options work for the windows batch script `scripts/build-windows.bat`.

The project depends on OpenSSL only if you compile the project enabled with the TLS feature (i.e. if `COMPILE_WITHOUT_SSL` is NOT provided) 

### 1.3.3 Building Hazelcast Tests Source Code
The Hazelcast project uses the [CMake](https://cmake.org/) build system. Hence, you should have cmake installed and visible to your environment Path.

> The test sources depends on the Boost development libraries (thread and chrono), OpenSSL (only needed if compiling with SSL support) and [apache thrift](https://github.com/apache/thrift) (needed for communications to remote controller).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test sources depend on the Boost development libraries (thread and chrono), OpenSSL (only needed if compiling with SSL support) and [apache thrift](https://github.com/apache/thrift) (needed for communications to remote controller).
```

```C++
    hazelcast::client::client_config config;
    config.set_cluster_name("my-cluster"); // the server is configured to use the `my_cluster` as the cluster name hence we need to match it to be able to connect to the server.
    config.get_network_config().add_address(address("192.168.1.10", 5701));    
    hazelcast::client::hazelcast_client hz(std::move(config)); // Connects to the cluster member at ip address `192.168.1.10` and port 5701
```

If you run the Hazelcast IMDG members in a different server than the client, you most probably have configured the members' ports and cluster
names as explained in the previous section. If you did, then you need to make certain changes to the network settings of your client.

### 1.4.2.1 Cluster Name

> You only need to provide the name of the cluster if it is explcitely configured at the server side (otherwise the default value of `dev` is used).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to provide the name of the cluster only if it is explicitly configured on the server-side (otherwise the default value of `dev` is used).
```
